API Generator: Add `search` argument to `OneToManyFilter` and `ManyToManyFilter` (#2238)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/ten-buses-lie.md

> ---
> "@comet/cms-api": minor
> ---
> 
> API Generator: replace generated service with getFindCondition with a runtime function that gets searchable fields from meta data
> 
> Use new `mikroOrmQuery` function to use the runtime based field detection

Author: ```suggestion
---
"@comet/cms-api": major
---

API Generator: replace generated service with getFindCondition with a runtime function that gets searchable fields from meta data

Use new `mikroOrmQuery` function to use the runtime based field detection

Now the service is not generated anymore, when updating remove it from the nestjs module
```
